= GottaHave

Checks for specific versions of command line utilities.

== Usage

If you make use of command line utilities (e.g. convert, exiftool, unzip ) it
is often necessary to ensure you have the correct version of these utilities
installed, much like using the correct version of a Ruby gem. GottaHave allows
you to specify which binaries you should have installed and which versions.

Specify your requirements by setting the requirements hash, for example:

  GottaHave::ExecutableChecker.requirements = {'exiftool' => {:version => '8.13' },
                                             'convert' => {:version => '6.5.9-9' },
                                             'identify' => {:version => '6.5.9-9' } }


You can also allow newer versions by setting the :allow_newer option to true:
  'unzip' => {:version => '5.52', :allow_newer => true }

GottaHave can determine the installed version number for a small number of
command utilities:

* exiftool
* convert
* identify
* macunpack
* unzip
* file

You can easily add support for other utilites by setting the :check_cmd option:
  'watch' => {:version => '0.2.0', :check_cmd => "watch --version 2>&1"}

As in the example above, sometimes it's necessary to redirect stderr to stdout
in order to capture the version information.

GottaHave depends on the open4 to run and collect output from the command line.


== License

Copyright (c) 2011 Nate Delage

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.